She's an enchanted wisecracking nun who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a sarcastic cigar-chomping widow who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a sarcastic kleptomaniac doctor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a vivacious gold-digging Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a sarcastic psychic soap star from out of town. 
She's a psychotic insomniac lawyer who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a psychotic mutant Valkyrie from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a psychotic Bolivian soap star with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cosmopolitan winged soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a tortured gold-digging angel married to the Mob. 
She's a tortured red-headed college professor who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a provocative blonde soap star with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a high-kicking gold-digging pearl diver with an incredible destiny. 
She's a cold-hearted cat-loving lawyer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured paranoid magician's assistant who can talk to animals. 
She's a provocative Buddhist safe cracker married to the Mob. 
She's a vivacious punk single mother from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a warm-hearted punk Valkyrie from beyond the grave 
She's a chain-smoking bisexual safe cracker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a man-hating red-headed museum curator living on borrowed time. 
She's a pregnant nymphomaniac mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural renegade snake charmer with the power to see death. 
She's a tortured tempestuous stripper with someone else's memories. 
She's a bloodthirsty wisecracking angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a vivacious snooty doctor living on borrowed time. 
She's a strong-willed belly-dancing lawyer with a flame-thrower. 
She's a pregnant African-American stripper from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a manipulative communist angel with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a tortured extravagent journalist living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a scantily clad Bolivian Hell's Angel in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cosmopolitan insomniac schoolgirl prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a green-fingered out-of-work fairy princess with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a hard-bitten thirtysomething queen of the dead married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed blonde hooker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a blind paranoid snake charmer from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten gold-digging safe cracker with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cosmopolitan belly-dancing traffic cop from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an enchanted winged schoolgirl with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a cynical nymphomaniac angel with only herself to blame. 
She's a green-fingered motormouth schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a bloodthirsty bisexual queen of the dead with only herself to blame. 
She's a transdimensional Buddhist Valkyrie with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a sarcastic junkie cab driver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a mistrustful goth politician from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking foul-mouthed wrestler in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a provocative winged former first lady on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a mentally unstable paranoid angel with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a mistrustful green-skinned wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a violent belly-dancing lawyer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a pregnant mute lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
