He's a jaded crooked rock star on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an immortal flyboy cyborg possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an underprivileged arachnophobic werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a superhumanly strong ninja cat burglar who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an all-American drug-addicted card sharp 
He's an impetuous dishevelled filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an oversexed devious vagrant from the 'hood.
He's an obese small-town master criminal on the run.
He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling paranormal investigator who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an uncontrollable voodoo gentleman spy gone bad.
He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming stage actor looking for 'the Big One.'
He's an immortal arachnophobic senator whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a Nobel prize-winning dishevelled filmmaker with no name.
He's a world-famous shark-wrestling photographer trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced zombie photographer on the edge.
He's a bookish soccer-playing rock star with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a genetically engineered drug-addicted rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an otherworldly misogynist astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a notorious voodoo gangster who believes he can never love again.
He's a Nobel prize-winning misogynist messiah gone bad.
He's an immortal one-eyed cop gone bad.
He's a globe-trotting day-dreaming romance novelist with nothing left to lose.
He's a shy albino hairdresser 
He's a maverick guerilla dog-catcher who believes he can never love again.
He's an otherworldly devious romance novelist with a secret.
He's a jaded coffee-fuelled jungle king whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a fiendish white trash cat burglar on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a benighted day-dreaming shaman for the 21st century.
He's a shy coffee-fuelled card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a time-tossed voodoo shaman gone bad.
He's a fast talking amnesiac jungle king with nothing left to lose.
He's a suicidal chivalrous vampire hunter who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic stage actor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a deeply religious chivalrous cat burglar on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a sword-wielding guitar-strumming gangster with a passion for fast cars.
He's a war-weary skateboarding photographer from the 'hood.
He's an ungodly albino ex-con haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's an unconventional bohemian grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a benighted moralistic gentleman spy who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a superhumanly strong albino matador from the Mississippi delta.
He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled inventor looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an obese guitar-strumming cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an underprivileged devious vagrant with a secret.
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling stage actor fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an impetuous coffee-fuelled vampire hunter with no name.
He's a suave hunchbacked master criminal on his last day in the job.
He's a deeply religious neurotic master criminal from the Mississippi delta.
He's a suave white trash jungle king with acid for blood.
He's a notorious overambitious ex-con trapped in a world he never made.
